well first dif helped in identifying and knowing the mistakes that can happen in the code
FC in the command promt will help know all the mistakes that happens

version controll allows me to add entire new feature in a code and if im not happy with the 
viersion of code i can go back to the pervious version.

adding a manuel commit gives a great felxiablity but also we need to time the commits right
so its not too big or too small. 

want to see the diffrence between two things use git diff 
first id commit is where we want to compare second id where we want to see the changes that 
happend from the previous file.

Changed the name Of the author

im adding this for the merge feature in git hub

A note about git merge
git merge will also include the currently checked-out branch in the merged version. 
So if you have branch1 checked out, and you run git merge branch2 branch3, 
the merged version will combine branch1 as well as branch2 and branch3. 
That’s because the branch1 label will update after you make the merge commit, 
so it’s unlikely that you didn’t want the changes from branch1 included in the merge. 
For this reason, you should always checkout one of the two branches you’re planning on merging before doing the merge. 
Which one you should check out depends on which branch label you want to point to the new commit.

Since the checked-out branch is always included in the merge, you may have guessed that when you are merging two branches,
you don't need to specify both of them as arguments to git merge on the command line.
 If you want to merge branch2 into branch1, you can simply git checkout branch1 and then type git merge branch2. 
 The only reason to type git merge branch1 branch2 is if it helps you keep better mental track of which branches 
 you are merging.

Also, since the two branches are merged, the order in which they are typed into the command line does not matter.
 The key is to remember that git merge always merges all the specified branches into the currently checked out branch, 
 creating a new commit for that branch.